[docs] point to archived website (#53)
kobuki-base/kobuki_core: README.md

----

> The **Kobuki Core** stack consists of c++ libraries and utilities for working with a [Kobuki Robot](https://web.archive.org/web/20230204122331/https://kobuki.yujinrobot.com/).

Reviewer: Rather than point to archive.org, I think we should probably change this to the live site:

```suggestion
The **Kobuki Core** stack consists of c++ libraries and utilities for working with a [Kobuki Robot](https://iclebo-kobuki.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).
```

Author: Good to me. I changed the commit of this PR such that
* the URL is now <https://iclebo-kobuki.readthedocs.io/en/latest/> (as you suggest),
* the commit message has the archive.org URL, so someone reading commit history can find it easily.
